README.md, before:

## Dress - 面向可爱的蓝孩子 (/ω＼) 的 git 学习实践项目 on GitHub

### Dress - A Study and Practice project of git.

[![Build Status](https://www.travis-ci.org/komeiji-satori/Dress.svg?branch=master)](https://www.travis-ci.org/komeiji-satori/Dress)

项目很简单且并不要求你贡献代码，没有编程技能都可以参加。你可以从这里学习从克隆项目，创建分支，提交和同步修改，到合并分支请求的整套流程，一次即可熟悉 Git/GitHub 的使用。 

This simple repository requires no contribution of code, so that you can participate in it without having any coding skills. This project helps you to learn the whole process of cloning a repository, creating a branch, pushing and pulling commits, and making a pull request, thus you can have a good knowledge of Git/GitHub's usage.

**当然，你还要事先准备至少一张你的女装照。**

**Of course, you need to prepare a cross-dressing photo of yours first.**

- [https://drsrel.github.io/](https://drsrel.github.io/)

- [http://satori.mycard.moe/](http://satori.mycard.moe/)

- [https://wearadress.org/](https://wearadress.org/)


### Contributors
[![contributors](https://opencollective.com/Dress/contributors.svg?width=890&button=false)](https://github.com/komeiji-satori/Dress/graphs/contributors)

Commit message:

README.md:增加防止隐私泄漏提示信息 Add privacy tips

README.md, after:

## Dress - 面向可爱的蓝孩子 (/ω＼) 的 git 学习实践项目 on GitHub

### Dress - A Study and Practice project of git.

[![Build Status](https://www.travis-ci.org/komeiji-satori/Dress.svg?branch=master)](https://www.travis-ci.org/komeiji-satori/Dress)

项目很简单且并不要求你贡献代码，没有编程技能都可以参加。你可以从这里学习从克隆项目，创建分支，提交和同步修改，到合并分支请求的整套流程，一次即可熟悉 Git/GitHub 的使用。 

This simple repository requires no contribution of code, so that you can participate in it without having any coding skills. This project helps you to learn the whole process of cloning a repository, creating a branch, pushing and pulling commits, and making a pull request, thus you can have a good knowledge of Git/GitHub's usage.

**当然，你还要事先准备至少一张你的女装照。**

**Of course, you need to prepare a cross-dressing photo of yours first.**

- [https://drsrel.github.io/](https://drsrel.github.io/)

- [http://satori.mycard.moe/](http://satori.mycard.moe/)

- [https://wearadress.org/](https://wearadress.org/)

### 隐私提示

### Privacy tips

请留意意外的个人信息泄漏，push照片前，请仔细检查照片的EXIF信息是否得到妥善处理（如坐标信息）。

Please pay attention to prevent the accidental leakage of personal information. Please check carefully whether the EXIF information is properly handled (such as GPS tags) before you push the photo(s).


### Contributors
[![contributors](https://opencollective.com/Dress/contributors.svg?width=890&button=false)](https://github.com/komeiji-satori/Dress/graphs/contributors)
